Linting option for CI jobs (#6076)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/continuous-integration.md

- **Concurrent CI checks** &mdash; CI runs triggered by the same dbt Cloud CI job execute concurrently (in parallel), when appropriate.
- **Smart cancellation of stale builds** &mdash; Automatically cancels stale, in-flight CI runs when there are new commits to the PR.
- **Run slot treatment** &mdash; CI runs don't consume a run slot.

> - **SQL linting**<Lifecycle status="beta" /> &mdash; When enabled, automatically lints all SQL files in your project.

Reviewer: Add: as a run step before your CI job builds. I.e. we do this first like a pre-commit because if you fail linting (and you have things not set to continue) then you don't have to waste compute on trying to build a PR that didn't yet fit what you are looking for in terms of code quality.

### Run slot treatment <Lifecycle status="team,enterprise" />

CI runs don't consume run slots. This guarantees a CI check will never block a production run.

### SQL linting <Lifecycle status="beta" />

> When enabled for your CI job, dbt invokes [SQLFluff](https://sqlfluff.com/) which is a modular and configurable SQL linter that warns you of complex functions, syntax, formatting, and compilation errors. By default, it will lint all the SQL files in your project. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When enabled for your CI job, dbt invokes [SQLFluff](https://sqlfluff.com/) which is a modular and configurable SQL linter that warns you of complex functions, syntax, formatting, and compilation errors. By default, it lints all the SQL files in your project. 
```

> If the linter runs into errors, you can specify dbt to fail the job or continue running it. When failing jobs, you can reduce spend on compute costs by not building a pull request that doesn't satisfy your SQL code quality CI check. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the linter runs into errors, you can specify whether dbt should fail the job or continue running it. When failing jobs, it helps reduce compute costs by avoiding builds for pull requests that don't meet your SQL code quality CI check. 
```

> To override the default linting behavior, create an `.sqlfluff` config file in your project and add your linting rules to it. dbt Cloud will use the rules defined in the config file when linting. For details about linting rules, refer to [Custom Usage](https://docs.sqlfluff.com/en/stable/gettingstarted.html#custom-usage) in the SQLFluff documentation

Author: ```suggestion
To override the default linting behavior, create an `.sqlfluff` config file in your project and add your linting rules to it. dbt Cloud will use the rules defined in the config file when linting. For details about linting rules, refer to [Custom Usage](https://docs.sqlfluff.com/en/stable/gettingstarted.html#custom-usage) in the SQLFluff documentation.
```

### Run slot treatment <Lifecycle status="team,enterprise" />

CI runs don't consume run slots. This guarantees a CI check will never block a production run.

### SQL linting <Lifecycle status="beta" />

> When enabled for your CI job, dbt invokes [SQLFluff](https://sqlfluff.com/) which is a modular and configurable SQL linter that warns you of complex functions, syntax, formatting, and compilation errors. It will lint all the SQL files in your project. If the linter runs into errors, you can specify dbt to fail the job or continue running it. 

Reviewer: Not sure where exactly this belongs, but I think we need something about the .sqlfluff config file. Basically, if you don't have that file, we will lint your things using the default dbt Cloud linting settings. If you do have a sqlfluff in your project, then we will use the rules that are defined as we run linting. You can read more about it in general here https://docs.sqlfluff.com/en/stable/gettingstarted.html
